Went well,Do less,Do more,Start doing,Actions
,GM - Discussing issues during the standup.,GP - I would like to hear more contribution from people online. Maybe have someone remote lead the stand up or other meetings?,TW - Every testable ticket should have a Zephyr ticket associated with it.,Team to comment 'Take off line' in standups if starting to discuss things which should be outside of the standup.
KD - Nugetting Conductor and the refactoring around it,TW - Too many meetings ran over and we missed getting important work done. We need to keep focused or dismiss non-necessary attendees. But also COMPLETE ON TIME.,DPH - Integrated build pipeline extended as we really need Octopus in place. Also for the traceability aspects we need to put in place.,"TW - Finish up tickets around FRIDAY before the end of the sprint, not TUESDAY.",Avoid grooming at Sprint Planning - extra meetings to take place if necessary prior to that.
KD - Useful discussions around NHS24 DB growth issue PoC,DC - There are still some visibility/communication issues,"PS - Conductor nugets are incomplete. We should try to finish this asap, so we get the full benefit and remove the confusion/issues we are facing.
DC - Fixing issues with nuget as it seems to be blocking deployments",GP - have a look at naming of Git repositories vs Jenkins builds vs Jira components.,Document findings / issues / resolutions on slack & confluence.
KD - Review discussions taking place through Git merge requests â€“ these are great and lot to learn from,TW - Can we do something about the weather being so nice as it's really killing my desire to be inside!,KS : I guess we should look into any deployment issues more urgently otherwise it blocks Testing and Acceptance,"GP - now that we have quite a number of packages, it is difficult to tell in which repository a specific one is.",Round-robin on running stand-up meeting including people on-line.
RCW - Nuget was a good learning experience for me.,,"GP - Assess what level of external feedback we want to have from stakeholders (e.g. DeAnna, Robert D., etc.)","TW - Better meeting discipline. Crack that whip!
",Order a speaker /microphones for team.
GP - Reaction to the EMR block!,,RCW - Links between merge requests and Jira tickets need to be kept up.,DC - Start using Octopus for deployments :),Suspend Nuget work until Pathways 10.6 is completed.
GP - Joel joined the team,,"TW - The first demo that we had since I've been here went really well, I loved it!","RCW - At the unconscious bias training, we discussed closing doors for late entrants to meetings and building in gaps.",A review of naming across the board with a view to rationalising (Git repos/Jenkins/Jira).
PS - Integration tests around EMR Mapping code has begun,,,,Testable tickets to have a Zephyr ticket created for it.
RP - Knowing about Zephyr-Jenkins-Jira was good learning experience,,,,
